Stratio docs update (#561)
Stratio/kind: stratio-docs/en/modules/ROOT/pages/installation.adoc

+
For automated provisioning in AWS/EKS, it is necessary to execute actions on various AWS services such as EC2, ECR, EKS, Elastic Load Balancing (ELB), etc. While the use or lack of use of these actions will depend on the type of installation, the provider validates that the indicated user has these permissions to run normally.
+

> ** xref:attachment$stratio-aws-unmanaged-policy.json[Descargar permisos permanentes para AWS no gestionado].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** xref:attachment$stratio-aws-unmanaged-policy.json[Download temporary permissions for AWS unmanaged].
```

> ** xref:attachment$stratio-eks-policy.json[Descargar permisos permanentes para EKS].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** xref:attachment$stratio-eks-policy.json[Download permanent permissions for EKS].
```

> ** xref:attachment$stratio-aws-temp-policy.json[Descargar permisos temporales para EKS y AWS no gestionado].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** xref:attachment$stratio-aws-temp-policy.json[Download temporary permissions for EKS and AWS unmanaged].
```
